CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

> Thank you for considering contributing to our project. Your help is very much appreciated!

When contributing, it's better to first discuss the change you wish to make via issue or discussion, or any other method
with the owners of this repository before making a change.

All members of our community are expected to follow our [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). Please make sure you are
welcoming and friendly in all of our spaces.

## Getting started

In order to make your contribution please make a fork of the repository. After you've pulled the code, follow these
steps to kick-start the development:

1. Run `npm ci` to install dependencies
2. Run `npm start` to launch demo project where you could test your changes (see [angular.json](angular.json) to find
   alternative configurations with AoT or Russian Language)

## Pull Request Process

1. We follow [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0-beta.4/) in our commit messages, i.e.
   `feat(core): improve typing`
2. Make sure you cover all code changes with unit tests
3. When you are ready, create Pull Request of your fork into original repository

Commit message:

build: add 10% faster serve build

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

> Thank you for considering contributing to our project. Your help is very much appreciated!

When contributing, it's better to first discuss the change you wish to make via issue or discussion, or any other method
with the owners of this repository before making a change.

All members of our community are expected to follow our [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). Please make sure you are
welcoming and friendly in all of our spaces.

## Getting started

In order to make your contribution please make a fork of the repository. After you've pulled the code, follow these
steps to kick-start the development:

1. Run `npm ci` to install dependencies
2. Run `npm start` to launch demo project where you could test your changes (see [angular.json](angular.json) to find
   alternative configurations with AoT or Russian Language) 2.1 Or run `npm run start:fast` to launch demo with about
   10% faster reloading when serve.

## Pull Request Process

1. We follow [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0-beta.4/) in our commit messages, i.e.
   `feat(core): improve typing`
2. Make sure you cover all code changes with unit tests
3. When you are ready, create Pull Request of your fork into original repository
