README.md, before:

# <img src="projects/demo/src/assets/images/taiga.svg" alt="taiga ui logo" width="48px"> Taiga UI

[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@taiga-ui/cdk.svg)](https://npmjs.com/package/@taiga-ui/cdk)
[![All packages CI](https://github.com/tinkoff/taiga-ui/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/tinkoff/taiga-ui/actions/workflows/build.yml)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/748677963142135818?color=7289DA&label=%23taiga-ui&logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://discord.gg/Us8d8JVaTg)
[![angular-open-source-starter](https://img.shields.io/badge/made%20with-angular--open--source--starter-d81676?logo=angular)](https://github.com/tinkoff/angular-open-source-starter)

[Website](https://taiga-ui.dev) • [Documentation](https://taiga-ui.dev/getting-started) • [Core team](#core-team) •
[Figma](https://www.figma.com/community/file/966347242613098831)

**Taiga UI** is fully-treeshakable Angular UI Kit consisting of multiple base libraries and several add-ons.

It is based on [ng-polymorpheus](https://github.com/tinkoff/ng-polymorpheus) dynamic content approach and uses
[Web APIs for Angular](https://github.com/ng-web-apis) for required browser APIs.

## Why Taiga UI

🧩 **Modular and fully-treeshakable.** We harnessed the power of Secondary Entry Points mechanism. You can import even
just one entity from our library and be sure that there is no redundant code in your bundle

🧙 **Agnostic**. Our components are very flexible and are ready for any use case. But we take care of basic UX aspects
to let you focus on your project features

🦋 **Customizable**. We use CSS custom properties for all our styling and provide easy methods to customize all UI
components

🛠 **Well engineered**. We are not afraid to use DI to the max. All our components use `OnPush`, and the whole project is
developed with `strict` TypeScript mode

📦 **It's big!** We have 130+ components, 100+ directives, dozens of tokens, utils and tools. And it isn't over yet 🚀

🏗 **Maintained!** The library started as an internal product in our company. It is used by 50+ projects in production
now and it is here to stay.

Read more about Taiga UI main features in [this article](https://indepth.dev/posts/1413/taiga-ui) on inDepth

## How to start

See our [Getting started](https://taiga-ui.dev/getting-started) page to start working with Taiga UI

You can also use our [StackBlitz starter](https://taiga-ui.dev/stackblitz) to create a quick sample with Taiga UI

🎨 Check out [Taiga UI Figma library](https://www.figma.com/community/file/966347242613098831/Taiga-UI) which you can
use to design your app with Taiga UI components.

## Community

💡 Your ideas are very welcome in Github issues or discussions

🗨 For English live chat join [#taiga-ui](https://discord.gg/zrB2EdJjEy) channel in official Angular discord

💬 For Russian live chat join [taiga_ui](https://t.me/taiga_ui) Telegram group

## Contributing

See our [CONTRIBUTING.md](/CONTRIBUTING.md) guide

## Core team

<table>
    <tr>
       <td align="center">
            <a href="https://twitter.com/waterplea"
                ><img
                    src="https://github.com/waterplea.png?size=100"
                    width="100"
                    style="margin-bottom: -4px; border-radius: 8px;"
                    alt="Alex Inkin"
                /><br /><b>Alex Inkin</b></a
            >
            <div style="margin-top: 4px">
                <a
                    href="https://twitter.com/waterplea"
                    title="Twitter"
                    ><img
                        width="16"
                        src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MarsiBarsi/readme-icons/main/twitter.svg"
                /></a>
                <a href="https://github.com/waterplea" title="Github"
                    ><img
                        width="16"
                        src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MarsiBarsi/readme-icons/main/github.svg"
                /></a>
                <a
                    href="https://t.me/waterplea"
                    title="Telegram"
                    ><img
                        width="16"
                        src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MarsiBarsi/readme-icons/main/send.svg"
                /></a>
            </div>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="http://marsibarsi.me"
                ><img
                    src="https://github.com/marsibarsi.png?size=100"
                    width="100"
                    style="margin-bottom: -4px; border-radius: 8px;"
                    alt="Roman Sedov"
                /><br /><b>Roman Sedov</b></a
            >
            <div style="margin-top: 4px">
                <a
                    href="https://twitter.com/marsibarsi"
                    title="Twitter"
                    ><img
                        width="16"
                        src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MarsiBarsi/readme-icons/main/twitter.svg"
                /></a>
                <a
                    href="https://github.com/marsibarsi"
                    title="GitHub"
                    ><img
                        width="16"
                        src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MarsiBarsi/readme-icons/main/github.svg"
                /></a>
                <a
                    href="https://t.me/marsibarsi"
                    title="Telegram"
                    ><img
                        width="16"
                        src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MarsiBarsi/readme-icons/main/send.svg"
                /></a>
            </div>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/vladimirpotekhin"
                ><img
                    src="./.github/team/vova.jpg"
                    width="100"
                    style="margin-bottom: -4px; border-radius: 8px;"
                    alt="Vladimir Potekhin"
                /><br /><b>Vladimir Potekhin</b></a
            >
            <div style="margin-top: 4px">
                <a
                    href="https://twitter.com/v_potekhin"
                    title="Twitter"
                    ><img
                        width="16"
                        src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MarsiBarsi/readme-icons/main/twitter.svg"
                /></a>
                <a
                    href="https://github.com/vladimirpotekhin"
                    title="GitHub"
                    ><img
                        width="16"
                        src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MarsiBarsi/readme-icons/main/github.svg"
                /></a>
                <a
                    href="https://t.me/v_potekhin"
                    title="Telegram"
                    ><img
                        width="16"
                        src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MarsiBarsi/readme-icons/main/send.svg"
                /></a>
            </div>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/nsbarsukov/"
                ><img
                    src="./.github/team/nikita.jpg"
                    width="100"
                    style="margin-bottom: -4px; border-radius: 8px;"
                    alt="Nikita Barsukov"
                /><br /><b>Nikita Barsukov</b></a
            >
            <div style="margin-top: 4px">
                <a
                    href="https://github.com/nsbarsukov"
                    title="GitHub"
                    ><img
                        width="16"
                        src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MarsiBarsi/readme-icons/main/github.svg"
                /></a>
                <a
                    href="https://t.me/nsbarsukov"
                    title="Telegram"
                    ><img
                        width="16"
                        src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MarsiBarsi/readme-icons/main/send.svg"
                /></a>
            </div>
        </td>
    </tr>
</table>

## License

🆓 Feel free to use our library in your commercial and private applications

All Taiga UI packages are covered by [Apache 2.0](/LICENSE)

Read more about this license [here](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/apache-2.0/)

Commit message:

ci: add integration with codeflow

README.md, after:

# <img src="projects/demo/src/assets/images/taiga.svg" alt="taiga ui logo" width="48px"> Taiga UI

[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@taiga-ui/cdk.svg)](https://npmjs.com/package/@taiga-ui/cdk)
[![All packages CI](https://github.com/tinkoff/taiga-ui/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/tinkoff/taiga-ui/actions/workflows/build.yml)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/748677963142135818?color=7289DA&label=%23taiga-ui&logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://discord.gg/Us8d8JVaTg)
[![angular-open-source-starter](https://img.shields.io/badge/made%20with-angular--open--source--starter-d81676?logo=angular)](https://github.com/tinkoff/angular-open-source-starter)
[![Codeflow](https://img.shields.io/badge/codeflow-pr.new-blue)](https://pr.new/github.com/tinkoff/taiga-ui)

[Website](https://taiga-ui.dev) • [Documentation](https://taiga-ui.dev/getting-started) • [Core team](#core-team) •
[Figma](https://www.figma.com/community/file/966347242613098831)

**Taiga UI** is fully-treeshakable Angular UI Kit consisting of multiple base libraries and several add-ons.

It is based on [ng-polymorpheus](https://github.com/tinkoff/ng-polymorpheus) dynamic content approach and uses
[Web APIs for Angular](https://github.com/ng-web-apis) for required browser APIs.

## Why Taiga UI

🧩 **Modular and fully-treeshakable.** We harnessed the power of Secondary Entry Points mechanism. You can import even
just one entity from our library and be sure that there is no redundant code in your bundle

🧙 **Agnostic**. Our components are very flexible and are ready for any use case. But we take care of basic UX aspects
to let you focus on your project features

🦋 **Customizable**. We use CSS custom properties for all our styling and provide easy methods to customize all UI
components

🛠 **Well engineered**. We are not afraid to use DI to the max. All our components use `OnPush`, and the whole project is
developed with `strict` TypeScript mode

📦 **It's big!** We have 130+ components, 100+ directives, dozens of tokens, utils and tools. And it isn't over yet 🚀

🏗 **Maintained!** The library started as an internal product in our company. It is used by 50+ projects in production
now and it is here to stay.

Read more about Taiga UI main features in [this article](https://indepth.dev/posts/1413/taiga-ui) on inDepth

## How to start

See our [Getting started](https://taiga-ui.dev/getting-started) page to start working with Taiga UI

You can also use our [StackBlitz starter](https://taiga-ui.dev/stackblitz) to create a quick sample with Taiga UI

🎨 Check out [Taiga UI Figma library](https://www.figma.com/community/file/966347242613098831/Taiga-UI) which you can
use to design your app with Taiga UI components.

## Community

💡 Your ideas are very welcome in Github issues or discussions

🗨 For English live chat join [#taiga-ui](https://discord.gg/zrB2EdJjEy) channel in official Angular discord

💬 For Russian live chat join [taiga_ui](https://t.me/taiga_ui) Telegram group

## Contributing

See our [CONTRIBUTING.md](/CONTRIBUTING.md) guide. Try to
[make pull request](https://pr.new/github.com/tinkoff/taiga-ui) online from Web IDE.

## Core team

<table>
    <tr>
       <td align="center">
            <a href="https://twitter.com/waterplea"
                ><img
                    src="https://github.com/waterplea.png?size=100"
                    width="100"
                    style="margin-bottom: -4px; border-radius: 8px;"
                    alt="Alex Inkin"
                /><br /><b>Alex Inkin</b></a
            >
            <div style="margin-top: 4px">
                <a
                    href="https://twitter.com/waterplea"
                    title="Twitter"
                    ><img
                        width="16"
                        src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MarsiBarsi/readme-icons/main/twitter.svg"
                /></a>
                <a href="https://github.com/waterplea" title="Github"
                    ><img
                        width="16"
                        src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MarsiBarsi/readme-icons/main/github.svg"
                /></a>
                <a
                    href="https://t.me/waterplea"
                    title="Telegram"
                    ><img
                        width="16"
                        src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MarsiBarsi/readme-icons/main/send.svg"
                /></a>
            </div>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="http://marsibarsi.me"
                ><img
                    src="https://github.com/marsibarsi.png?size=100"
                    width="100"
                    style="margin-bottom: -4px; border-radius: 8px;"
                    alt="Roman Sedov"
                /><br /><b>Roman Sedov</b></a
            >
            <div style="margin-top: 4px">
                <a
                    href="https://twitter.com/marsibarsi"
                    title="Twitter"
                    ><img
                        width="16"
                        src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MarsiBarsi/readme-icons/main/twitter.svg"
                /></a>
                <a
                    href="https://github.com/marsibarsi"
                    title="GitHub"
                    ><img
                        width="16"
                        src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MarsiBarsi/readme-icons/main/github.svg"
                /></a>
                <a
                    href="https://t.me/marsibarsi"
                    title="Telegram"
                    ><img
                        width="16"
                        src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MarsiBarsi/readme-icons/main/send.svg"
                /></a>
            </div>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/vladimirpotekhin"
                ><img
                    src="./.github/team/vova.jpg"
                    width="100"
                    style="margin-bottom: -4px; border-radius: 8px;"
                    alt="Vladimir Potekhin"
                /><br /><b>Vladimir Potekhin</b></a
            >
            <div style="margin-top: 4px">
                <a
                    href="https://twitter.com/v_potekhin"
                    title="Twitter"
                    ><img
                        width="16"
                        src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MarsiBarsi/readme-icons/main/twitter.svg"
                /></a>
                <a
                    href="https://github.com/vladimirpotekhin"
                    title="GitHub"
                    ><img
                        width="16"
                        src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MarsiBarsi/readme-icons/main/github.svg"
                /></a>
                <a
                    href="https://t.me/v_potekhin"
                    title="Telegram"
                    ><img
                        width="16"
                        src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MarsiBarsi/readme-icons/main/send.svg"
                /></a>
            </div>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/nsbarsukov/"
                ><img
                    src="./.github/team/nikita.jpg"
                    width="100"
                    style="margin-bottom: -4px; border-radius: 8px;"
                    alt="Nikita Barsukov"
                /><br /><b>Nikita Barsukov</b></a
            >
            <div style="margin-top: 4px">
                <a
                    href="https://github.com/nsbarsukov"
                    title="GitHub"
                    ><img
                        width="16"
                        src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MarsiBarsi/readme-icons/main/github.svg"
                /></a>
                <a
                    href="https://t.me/nsbarsukov"
                    title="Telegram"
                    ><img
                        width="16"
                        src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MarsiBarsi/readme-icons/main/send.svg"
                /></a>
            </div>
        </td>
    </tr>
</table>

## License

🆓 Feel free to use our library in your commercial and private applications

All Taiga UI packages are covered by [Apache 2.0](/LICENSE)

Read more about this license [here](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/apache-2.0/)
